Native image: do not filter-out JVM options passed to scala-cli app (#474)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/under-the-hood.md

Scala CLI uses [Coursier](https://get-coursier.io/) to manage dependencies.
It automatically downloads and unpacks a JVM if none is installed on your system, so that all its commands work fine even if a JVM isn't already installed.
Scala CLI shares Coursier caches with other tools like [sbt](https://www.scala-sbt.org/), [Mill](https://github.com/com-lihaoyi/mill), or [Metals](https://scalameta.org/metals/).

### scala-cli's JVM

> Scala CLI is a JVM application. Although by default it is distributed as a native image, it is still possible to tweak it with java properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scala CLI is a JVM application. Although by default it is distributed as a GraalVM native image, it is still possible to set Java properties.
```
